---
title:  "UX design for Sony Europe"
date:   2014-05-10
categories: work
excerpt: At Namahn I worked for a range of projects for Sony Europe covering a wide spectrum of the UX in an e-commerce environment. Such projects were...
image-thumbnail: /images/work/sony/sony-thumbnail.jpg
image-large: /images/work/sony/sony-large.png
caseColor1: "#FDCD0D"
caseColor2: "#EEB80E"
---

At Namahn I worked for a range of projects for Sony Europe covering a wide spectrum of the UX in an e-commerce environment. Such projects were:

* the redesign of the VAIO pages,
* the optimisation of Sony's checkout process,
* the Global ID project merging all user accounts to a single one,
* the redesign of the purchase journey.

The last one was also the most fascinating one. Sony introduced recently a global design for its marketing pages, and we had to redesign the store accordingly.

In collaboration with my team and Sony's UX expert we worked to tackle the recurring design challenges. Sometimes we started from a blanc canvas, drawing the user flows, and high level wireframes, before we jump into Axure. Sometimes we had to start working in the nitty-gritty details, firing up Axure all the way through. Once a year, we evaluated the launched designs with extensive usability tests.

We worked through this project in 2 main phases. The first phase was exploratory. We asked ourselves whether Push would work and how. We came up with many potential designs and evaluated the amount of internal and external support necessary to implement them.

Once the project was validated, we developed the visual design and tone of the product. Since we had already created a design guide for SMart, this phase was rather swift. We could thus focus on the product’s personality.
